Indexer mode information callout (#9256)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/performance-best-practices/configuration.md

An indexer can run in either **Update on Save** or **Update on Schedule** mode. The **Update on Save** mode immediately indexes whenever your catalog or other data changes. This mode assumes a low intensity of update and browsing operations in your store. It can lead to significant delays and data unavailability during high loads. We recommend using **Update on Schedule** mode in production, because it stores information about data updates and performs indexation by portions in the background through a specific cron job. You can change the mode of each Magento indexer separately on the  **System** > Tools > **Index Management** configuration page.

> {:.bs-callout-info} Currently not all indexers support **Update on Schedule** mode.Please review https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/indexing.html for which modes can be used with the different indexers.

Reviewer: Links must be added in correct Markdown format.
```suggestion
    {:.bs-callout-info} Currently not all indexers support **Update on Schedule** mode. Please review [the indexing guide]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/indexing.html) for which modes can be used with the different indexers.
```
